docs(IRv2): Add documentation for current IRv2 implementation (#707)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/dev-guide/design-key-value-pair-ir-stream.md

  - As a non-leaf node, it denotes a hierarchical key-value level.
  - As a leaf node, it may represent `null` or an empty key-value set (e.g., `{}`).
- **Unstructured Array**: Represents an array stored as a JSON string. (Leaf node only)
- **String**: Represents a UTF-8 encoded byte sequence. (Leaf node only)
- **Int**: Represents a 64-bit signed integer. (Leaf node only)
- **Float**: Represents a double-precision floating-point number. (Leaf node only)
- **Boolean**: Represents a boolean value. (Leaf node only)

### Auto-generated kv-pairs vs. User-generated kv-pairs

CLP key-value pair IR format categorizes the kv-pairs of a log event into two categories:
- **Auto-generated kv-pairs**: KV-pairs (e.g., timestamps, log levels, other metadata) that are
  automatically generated by the logging library.
- **User-generated kv-pairs**: Custom kv-pairs (e.g., log messages).

This design prevents conflicts between auto-generated and user-generated keys by keeping them
separate. Each IR stream maintains auto-generated keys and user-generated keys in two independent
schema trees, ensuring clear differentiation and avoiding unintended interference.

> #### Example

Reviewer: We need to refactor this example to showcase auto-gen and user-gen kv-pairs

checkout [this](#background-in-irv1) section below.

## Introduction

As outlined in [Uber's blog post][uber-blog] from 2022, the CLP IR stream format is a lightweight
serialization format designed for log streaming compression. However, due to its design constraints,
this IR stream format is primarily suited for simple, unstructured logs, such as raw text logs,
which typically consist of only a timestamp field and a log message field. Consequently,
structured logs, such as JSON logs, cannot be efficiently serialized using this format.

[CLP-S][clp-s-osdi] is an extension of the CLP's design principle but applied to semi-structured logs such as 
JSON. It uses the key value structure of JSON entries so that a schema is a unique set of keys and 
the values associated with those keys are the variables. Each schema can be represented by a tree. 
When a unique key name and primitive type pair is encountered, we add a new leaf node to the tree. 
The internal nodes of the tree are any surrounding objects. We merge these individual trees 
together to form a merged parse tree which we’ll refer to as the schema tree. If two keys in 

> different schemas share a key name, but not a type, we add that new node to the tree. Since a set of key and type pairs make a schema, more than one log event can share the same schema and just have seperate values correpsonding to the keys. We collect the unique schemas forming a schema map. Like in CLP these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different schemas share a key name, but not a type, we add that new node to the tree. Since a set of key and type pairs make a schema, more than one log event can share the same schema and just have separate values corresponding to the keys. We collect the unique schemas forming a schema map. Like in CLP these
```

encountered yet.

**NOTE**: CLP-S does not currently support automated key value pairs and will not be refelcted in the CLP-S archive generated from a Key-Value Pair IR Stream containing automated generated keys.

### Building Schema Tree In A Stream

Using the combined [schema trees](#schema-tree), how can we build the schema trees one log event at 
a time to enable a serialized streamable format similar to CLP’s IRv1? We do this by breaking each 
log event down into a series of IR units: schema tree growth IR units describing changes in the 
schema tree and log event IR units which consists of key and value packets. Although we will use 
the terminology IR unit to describe the individual IR stream elements, all of the IR units 
corresponding to a single log event would be sent in a single network packet to preserve the order 
of the individual elements, since the order and location of the IR Units in the stream are used 
inherently by the future log events. 

So the overall format of the IR stream consists of 4 sections; a [magic number](#magic-number) 
which indicates the stream is a KV Pair Stream and how many byte encoding is being used, a 

> [metadata IR unit](#metadata) which provides information necessary to properly deserailize the 

Reviewer: Metadata is not an IR unit.

> stream later, a alternating set of [schema tree growth IR units](#schema-tree-node-insertion-unit) 

Reviewer: "schema tree node insertion IR units" instead of "schema tree growth IR units"

and [log event IR units](#log-event-unit), and finally a 

> [end of stream IR unit](#end-of-stream-unit) to indicate you've reached the end of a valid KV Pair 

Reviewer: "end-of-stream IR unit" instead of "end of stream IR unit"

IR Stream. The bulk of the stream will be in spent in that alternating set of schema tree growth IR 
units and log event IR units, one set for each log message. The log event unit contains a set of 
[key and value IR packets](#auto-generated-schema-tree-node-id-value-pairs) for the auto 
generated schema nodes, and then a set of 
[key IR packets and corresponding value IR packets](#user-generated-schema-tree-node-id-value-pairs)
 for each user generated key value pair in the log entry (???). To differnetiate between the auto 
 and user generated node ids we use the 1's complement to encode the auto generated node ids. 
 Rather than organizing the IR units so that each value comes directly after its key, we group the 
 keys and values together. We found that in practice the similarities between keys and between 
 values allows for better compression ratios when stored together. If a log record does not result 
 in any new schema tree nodes, there will be no new schema tree growth IR units for that record. 
 While we stream the IR units we keep the schema tree we’ve built in memory for easy reference, so 

>  all packets in the stream can reference the same set of schema tree nodes. 

Reviewer: As an overview, we might not need to cover these details.
